there once was a boy named joel. He had a family of three in france. 
his father, mother and sister fell ill to the bubanic plague. first his 
dad died, then his mother. He was tending to his ill sister when he heard a 
knock at the door... 

Joel opened the door a crack, revealing a tall robed figure. Unable to see 
the man's face, he asked "What do you want? And make it quick. My sister is sick
and I must tend to her." "Well Joel," the man replied, "that won't be 
necessary. You see, I am Death. You were asleep when I came for you mother and
father."

"Death? What the heck? What kind of name is that? Let me guess, your brother's name
is Life? Ha ha," Joel joked. "Actually...yes, yes his name is that. How'd you know?"
Death asked. "Actually don't answer that. I came here to tell you two things. Would you
like to hear the good news first? Or the bad news?" Joel thought long and hard for a 
good 2 seconds. "Hmmm, you know what, give me the good news first."

"It will be quick and painless" stated Death. "Wait, hold on" said Joel, "what will be quick and painless?"
"Your death, naturally" Death responded. "The bad news is that you will have to die and come with 
me immediately" Joel thought for a moment, and responded "Would you allow me one final moment
with my family before I go?" "Fine, I'll allow it, but make it quick" said Death. Joel knew
he only had a few precious moments to think of a plan to escape and outwit Death. 

"Hey, would you like to play a game for mylife" said joel. the bored death seemed interested. "If you pick the right hand I'll come with you quietly, else you leave me be. i am holding a pebble  in one of my hands" said joal putting two closed fists in front him.

Death laughed with a roaring laugh "You can't trick the eyes of death, i choose your left hand". joel open his hand reavling the pebble. "you lost" said joel with a smirking face. "stop with nonseanse and come with me quietly" said death. "I told you to pick  the 'right' hand the pebble didn't matter" .  death turned to the door " I am only a companion, to lead you to the afterlife I can't spare your life, you are already dead. now you'll wander the world unable to pass on because of your cleverness".

"what!" exclaimed joel. death pointed behind him Joel turned slowly. He saw his lifless body on the floor.
